How dare you come to me?
Uncle, take a look at this first
How nice it would be to die for snacks and dogs
You can marry me
Lin's Group is also me
Once I expose this video
You will not only lose your reputation
You are a company listing
I guess it will be in vain too
It's hard work
You and Auntie Wang have been courted for so long
In the end, the bamboo basket was empty
What do you want?
I want your remaining shares in the company
Can you stop the ATM?
Ok, I'll report it to you.
You can get up late
It's not that there is no other way.
Future uncle
Do you know that Wang Yu made my father go bankrupt and jump off a building?
Maybe you still have evidence
Want me to do it for you?
That's impossible.
Uncle was wrong.
We are just being cruel with material fairness
Don't you hold grudges
NetEase is in trouble
Can you lock up the shares of your company?
It was hard for you to get that
I worked so hard to get the snacks dirty and die
As a result, Wang Yu downplayed and took away the shares
Wang Yu, you are not kind
I am unjust
Anyway, the video is in my hands
Exposure or not depends on whether you cooperate or not
You ignorant wild girl
How dare you touch my stuff
This is Aunt Lin's original home
It wasn't all yours, was it?
I think you need to clean up
Get out of here now! Stop it